Messaging: remove source to better align with ECS (#3450)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/trace/semantic_conventions/messaging.md

An "intermediary" receives a message to forward it to the next receiver, which
might be another intermediary or a consumer.

### Destinations

> A destination represents an entity within messaging system messages are published to and consumed from. A destination

Reviewer: I can't put my finger on it, but I find hard to understand the sentence. Here's some attempts I tried.. (not sure it's better)

```suggestion
A destination represents an entity within a messaging system. Messages are published to and consumed from a destination.
```

OR

```suggestion
A destination represents an entity within a messaging system. A destination can act as a producer or a consumer.
```

[`net.transport`]: span-general.md#network-transport-attributes
[Hangfire]: https://www.hangfire.io/

### Consumer attributes

The following additional attributes describe message operations on the consumer side.

> > Note: Messages could be routed by brokers, destination a message is consumed from doesn't always match the destination it was published to. If original destination information is available on the consumer side, consumer instrumentations SHOULD populate information about original destination on `messaging.destination_original` attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: Because messages could be routed by brokers, the destination a message is consumed from does not always match the destination it was published to. If information about the original destination is available on the consumer side, consumer instrumentations SHOULD populate the attributes about the original destination under the `messaging.destination_original` namespace.
```
